README.md, before:

# vbos - very bad os - now with executables!

```
"Don't reinvent the wheel" - Some idiot, probably
```

For-fun operating system created by me!

## Compilation

You will need to acquire a copy of `x86_64-elf-gcc`. This can be done by either
compiling it yourself, or through your distribution's package manager. A version
of `x86_64-elf-gcc` is available in the AUR that I maintain.

## Installation

You will need to deploy limine onto a filesystem image, the limine barebones
project will suffice for creating this. In addition, you must also have an
ext2 filesystem image.

NOTE: For versions of limine >=5.x, multiple images must be used. Limine will
no longer accept ext2 filesystems for booting kernel images, and this OS as of
yet only supports ext2.

Be sure to set `SERIAL=yes` at the top of your limine.cfg as well as the
`KERNEL_CMDLINE=` parameter `root=` as your root filesystem (not necessarily
the boot filesystem). Booting without the `root=` parameter will cause a panic
giving you a list of available block devices to mount. Only ext2 is supported
for mounting filesystems.

If you wish to use a partition scheme, it must be GPT. If not, mounting the bare
block device should (probably) work fine.

## License

This project is licensed under `SPDX-License-Identifier: GPL-2.0-only`, a copy
of which can be found in the COPYING file. All source files, except for
`limine.h` are released under this license. 

Copyright 2023-2024 Michael Shaw.

Commit message:

README: add info about userspace bins

README.md, after:

# vbos - very bad os - now with executables!

```
"Don't reinvent the wheel" - Some idiot, probably
```

For-fun operating system created by me!

## Compilation

You will need to acquire a copy of `x86_64-elf-gcc`. This can be done by either
compiling it yourself, or through your distribution's package manager. A version
of `x86_64-elf-gcc` is available in the AUR that I maintain.

## Installation

You will need to deploy limine onto a filesystem image, the limine barebones
project will suffice for creating this. In addition, you must also have an
ext2 filesystem image.

After compilation, the bin folder contains the userspace binaries that can be
copied into your filesystem image.

NOTE: For versions of limine >=5.x, multiple images must be used. Limine will
no longer accept ext2 filesystems for booting kernel images, and this OS as of
yet only supports ext2.

Be sure to set `SERIAL=yes` at the top of your limine.cfg as well as the
`KERNEL_CMDLINE=` parameter `root=` as your root filesystem (not necessarily
the boot filesystem). Booting without the `root=` parameter will cause a panic
giving you a list of available block devices to mount. Only ext2 is supported
for mounting filesystems.

If you wish to use a partition scheme, it must be GPT. If not, mounting the bare
block device should (probably) work fine.

## License

This project is licensed under `SPDX-License-Identifier: GPL-2.0-only`, a copy
of which can be found in the COPYING file. All source files, except for
`limine.h` are released under this license. 

Copyright 2023-2024 Michael Shaw.
